README.md, before:

# Test Generation Agent (Dontforgetest)

**Don't forget test!** — One-click, commit-based test generation for VS Code / Cursor.

Powered by Cursor CLI (`cursor-agent`), this extension automatically generates test code from commit diffs and selections.

- Japanese docs: `README.ja.md`, `docs/usage.ja.md`

## Key features

- Run via **QuickPick UI / Control Panel** (choose source + model)
- Generate from:
  - Current file
  - Latest commit diff
  - Commit range diff
  - Uncommitted diff (staged / unstaged)
- Choose execution target (diff-based sources):
  - **Local**: writes directly into your current workspace
  - **Worktree**: generates in a temporary worktree and applies **only test diffs** back to local *only when* `git apply --check` passes
    - If auto-apply fails, it saves **patch / snapshot / AI instructions** to help manual merging
- Consolidates logs in an **Output Channel**
- Saves **test perspective tables** and **test execution reports** (Markdown; output directories are configurable)
- Shows running task count in the **Status Bar** (click to open logs)

> **Important**: `cursor-agent` is executed with **`--force`**.  
> **Local** modifies real files in your workspace.  
> **Worktree** writes to a temporary worktree and applies only test diffs when safe; otherwise it exports merge artifacts.  
> Before running, prepare a rollback strategy (create a branch / commit / stash).

## Documentation

- Docs index: `docs/README.md`
- Usage: `docs/usage.md`
- Built-in default strategy: `src/core/defaultTestStrategy.ts` (used when the setting is empty)

## Requirements

- Cursor **2.2+** / VS Code **1.105+**
- Cursor CLI (`cursor-agent`)

## Development (for contributors)

### Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Build

```bash
npm run compile
```

### Watch mode

```bash
npm run watch
```

### Test

```bash
npm test
```

### Run extension (debug)

1. Open this repository in VS Code / Cursor
2. Press F5 (Run Extension)
3. In the Extension Development Host, run commands starting with `Dontforgetest:` from the command palette

## License

This project is licensed under **GPL-3.0** (GNU General Public License v3.0).

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Commit message:

docs: VS Code / Cursor の表記を Cursor に統一
- README.md, README.ja.md の説明文・要件・手順を更新
- docs/usage.md, docs/usage.ja.md の使用方法・設定説明を更新
- AGENTS.md のプロジェクト概要・ターゲット・拡張機能パターンを更新
- l10n/bundle.l10n.json, l10n/bundle.l10n.ja.json の警告メッセージを更新
- src/core/promptBuilder.ts, src/commands/runWithArtifacts/testExecutionStep.ts のプロンプト文字列を更新
- 技術的用語（VS Code Extension API, @vscode/test-electron 等）は維持

README.md, after:

# Test Generation Agent (Dontforgetest)

**Don't forget test!** — One-click, commit-based test generation for Cursor.

Powered by Cursor CLI (`cursor-agent`), this extension automatically generates test code from commit diffs and selections.

- Japanese docs: `README.ja.md`, `docs/usage.ja.md`

## Key features

- Run via **QuickPick UI / Control Panel** (choose source + model)
- Generate from:
  - Current file
  - Latest commit diff
  - Commit range diff
  - Uncommitted diff (staged / unstaged)
- Choose execution target (diff-based sources):
  - **Local**: writes directly into your current workspace
  - **Worktree**: generates in a temporary worktree and applies **only test diffs** back to local *only when* `git apply --check` passes
    - If auto-apply fails, it saves **patch / snapshot / AI instructions** to help manual merging
- Consolidates logs in an **Output Channel**
- Saves **test perspective tables** and **test execution reports** (Markdown; output directories are configurable)
- Shows running task count in the **Status Bar** (click to open logs)

> **Important**: `cursor-agent` is executed with **`--force`**.  
> **Local** modifies real files in your workspace.  
> **Worktree** writes to a temporary worktree and applies only test diffs when safe; otherwise it exports merge artifacts.  
> Before running, prepare a rollback strategy (create a branch / commit / stash).

## Documentation

- Docs index: `docs/README.md`
- Usage: `docs/usage.md`
- Built-in default strategy: `src/core/defaultTestStrategy.ts` (used when the setting is empty)

## Requirements

- Cursor **2.2+**
- Cursor CLI (`cursor-agent`)

## Development (for contributors)

### Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Build

```bash
npm run compile
```

### Watch mode

```bash
npm run watch
```

### Test

```bash
npm test
```

To use a locally installed Cursor, set the executable path.

```bash
DONTFORGETEST_VSCODE_EXECUTABLE_PATH="<path to Cursor executable>" npm test
```

### Run extension (debug)

1. Open this repository in Cursor
2. Press F5 (Run Extension)
3. In the Extension Development Host, run commands starting with `Dontforgetest:` from the command palette

## License

This project is licensed under **GPL-3.0** (GNU General Public License v3.0).

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
